you've done so much to welcome us to the
East Coast we have a thank you gift from
the west coast and not only is this a
gift from the West it quite literally is
a West our gift to you Brooklyn is a
visit from mr. Kanye West
[Applause]
all right so your new album Jesus's King
is the name of the album yes
when is this album coming out is it
coming out tomorrow
it's gonna be dropping 12 feet 12 a.m.
right now it is available or it's out
now yeah
I'm doing good you made not only did you
make the album you made an IMAX movie a
companion piece to the album yes and you
brought something this is very cute
actually
your daughter North can I show this
alright we have a clip of a role that
Clippers is your your dancing along to
the movie oh you may have a little
performer on your hand
are you um I want to say I love the fact
that my daughter wants to go to church
and her she has such a positive thought
association to go into church because
it's outside of the tradition of four
walls and outside of the pews and now
that God has called me enough
I now have given my life to Jesus Christ
and I work for God
now we have Christian innovation and our
time that there was a time when the
Medici family and all the greatest
artists did work for the church and now
it seems like all the best designs and
everything have this adult edge to it
and I have a family I have four children
I've been married for five years and the
perspective because you asked me a
question last year did you know did
having a daughter changed my life and
I've completely turned around from what
my perspective was last year to where it
is now and I feel like there's so few
individuals in a position like mine to
be able to give their opinion and stand
up and say that this is what family is
about and I feel that God is using me
and using the choir using my family to
show off because it's like all these
things how many things in your life
where it's like this isn't in service
for God but it seems like you're going
to give more out of it this is where
you're gonna get the better job better
cars all this but we're in complete
service to God and this one is driving
[Applause]
you consider yourself to be a Christian
music artist now I'm just a Christian
everything uh-huh everything and it's
interesting you said that about your
daughter cuz I think you've made it with
your services made Church fun to go to
for a lot of people and people are
saying oh oh gosh I want to go to church
and you never hear anyone say that
really I mean certainly not young people
and you're doing this thing where you're
bringing two people together and you
know that's that's pretty good I think
oh yeah I know
we have a big we have something very big
tomorrow night Kanye will be back for a
special performance from his new album
Jesus is king and this movie the IMAX
movie you shot this in Arizona right in
Flagstaff Arizona yes James Turrell and
artists one of the greatest living
artists Christian also allowed us to use
Roden crater which is I think its eighth
wonder of the world and I mean it's just
a beautiful place to go to visit a
couple other things is I was thinking
about how you won the money I just want
to make a suggestion oh there's a guy
buying Dave John's Dave won the lotto
hundreds of millions of dollars I'm
sorry I invest in land in middle America
I have twelve thousand five hundred
acres in Wyoming right now so when we
think about where we're spending our
money because I answer I saw the Gucci
jacket I was like okay that's nice when
we present ourselves on TV we always
have to show you know this lecture I got
a cheap cheap-ass hoodie on United I'm a
billionaire so I want to show you the
yeah
and I'm sorry I said ask my Christian
scorecard is lowered for the day but to
really sit down and talk because when I
first got money I didn't have a CFO and
people who could really show me you know
how and I feel especially with blacks we
need to show each other other
information of like what to do with our
money how to design how to bring the
families together and I'm and I'm not
saying this to just call out blacks but
we are orphans in this country so we
have no fathers that can really show us
the way of how to maintain who we are so
now that I'm in this position I've been
to the hospital I've been cancelled and
I'm here standing right here are you
saying
are you saying you want to get in on a
real estate deal with Dave oh absolutely
it's easy well yeah I am I am very much
looking forward to this performance
tomorrow night before we we get to that
obviously we have a clip from your IMAX
movie Jesus is king
take a look
[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry